# The Letters of Samuel Beckett, Emory University

_The Letters of Samuel Beckett at Emory University_ is a project established to collect and consult as well as transcribe all extant letters by Samuel Beckett, and to publish the selected edition of _The Letters of Samuel Beckett_ in four volumes with Cambridge University Press (2009-2016). The edition has been or is being published in French (Gallimard), German (Suhrkamp), Italian (Adelphi), and Chinese (Hunan Literature and Art Press).

By the close of the editorial project, over 16,000 letters had been consulted and transcribed. Since only about 20% of these letters are included in the selected edition, the question arose of how to make the materials of the research of more than thirty years available to future scholarship. Letters have two owners: the holder of the literary copyright and the owner of the physical property. Creating and sharing the metadata of Beckett’s letters needed to respect these rights while also making the context and content of the letters accessible. **The Location Register of the Letters of Samuel Beckett** was born out of this desire to make the metadata of Beckett’s letters in public archives accessible to researchers and to the wider public, thereby preserving the cumulative knowledge and collective efforts that have gone into creating this unique archive.

The first release of **The Location Register of the Letters of Samuel Beckett in American Public Archives** was made possible by the support of The Gladys Krieble Delmas Foundation, gifts from Christopher Herbert and Nancy Welch, as well as the College of Arts and Sciences of Emory University, Emory Libraries, LITS, and the Emory Center for Digital Scholarship. The second release includes changes in the American archival holdings and adds Beckett letters in Canadian, Irish, English and Scottish Public Archives. The third release will include collections in continental and other international Public Archives.

**Users can browse the Location Register** for the metadata of all Beckett letters in Public Archives for recipient, physical description, the address of letters sent from and to recipients (original format and regularized to facilitate searching), language, repository, collection, and previous publication. A user interested in browsing by date range, should select “Browse” or “List” in the navigation menu, and then select the “Filter” button once the table has finished loading. Users can save pages to a Word file.

**The Linked Data Project of the Letters of Samuel Beckett in Public Archives**, currently in development, will be based on the metadata of the Location Register. It will index the contents of each letter, including persons, places, organizations, productions, publications mentioned, and Samuel Beckett’s writing, translating, directing, reading, and attendance at events. The Linked Data Project is designed to provide open access to the letters for scholars and the general public, without compromising ownership rights in the letters.